[Term Entry] Kotlin Math.cosh() (#3717)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/math-methods/terms/cosh/cosh.md

---
Title: 'cosh()'

> Description: 'Computes the hyperbolic cosine of a value.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Computes the hyperbolic cosine of an angle.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Mathmatics'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Functions'
ContentCatalog:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'path/computer-science'
---

> The **`cosh()`** method in Kotlin's `math` class computes the hyperbolic cosine of a angle in radians.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`cosh()`** method in Kotlin's `math` class computes the hyperbolic cosine of a angle given in radians.
```

## Syntax

```psuedo
import kotlin.math.*
val y = math.cosh(x)
```

`x`: An angle of type `Double` or `Float`.

> ### Special cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special cases:

```

  - `cosh(NaN)` is `NaN`
  - `cosh(+Inf|-Inf)` is `+Inf`

## Example

The following code is basic implementation of `math.cosh()`.

```kotlin
import kotlin.math.*
fun main(){
  val x = 30.0
  val y = cosh(x)

  //print results
  println('y')
}
```

> It will output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example will output:
```

Author: @SSwiniarski Thank you.
